Added source code for fraud detection (#1)
XanaduAI/quantum-neural-networks: fraud_detection/README.md

## Getting the data

The raw data is sourced from the [Credit Card Fraud Detection](https://www.kaggle.com/mlg-ulb/creditcardfraud) dataset on Kaggle. The `creditcard.csv` file should be downloaded and placed in this folder. The user can then run:
```bash
python3 data_processor.py
```
This script creates two datasets for training and testing.

## Training and testing the model

The model is a hybrid classical-quantum classifier, with a number of input classical layers that control the parameters of an input layer in a two-mode CV quantum neural network. The model is trained so that it outputs a photon in one mode for a genuine credit card transaction, and outputs a photon in the other mode for a fraudulent transaction.

Training can be performed with:
```bash
python3 fraud_detection.py
```
The model is periodically saved during training, and progress can be monitored by launching TensorBoard in the terminal:
```bash
tensorboard --logdir=outputs/tensorboard/simulation_label
```
where the user replaces `simulation_label` with the chosen number/string used in `fraud_detection.py` (the default is `1`).

Testing can be performed with:
```bash
python3 testing.py
```

> Here, the user must choose a value for `simulation_label` in `testing.py` to select a pre-trained model, as well as `ckpt_val` to select the number of batch repetitions to start testing from.

Author: ```suggestion
Here, the user must choose a value for `simulation_label` in `testing.py` to select a pre-trained model. The user can also initialize the pre-trained model to different time steps from training. This can be controlled through the variable `ckpt_val`, which corresponds to the number of batches seen in training.
```

> Here, the user must choose a value for `simulation_label` in `testing.py` to select a pre-trained model, as well as `ckpt_val` to select the number of batch repetitions to start testing from.

Author: Thanks, have now tried to clarify!

> Here, the user must choose a value for `simulation_label` in `testing.py` to select a pre-trained model, as well as `ckpt_val` to select the number of batch repetitions to start testing from.

Reviewer: For my own understanding: does `number of batches` refer to the number of single optimization steps (each using a minibatch of data from the full dataset), or does it refer to a single pass through the full dataset?

> Here, the user must choose a value for `simulation_label` in `testing.py` to select a pre-trained model, as well as `ckpt_val` to select the number of batch repetitions to start testing from.

Author: Yes, the first one: `number of batches` is set by the user and corresponds to the number of single optimization steps done in training. Worth rewording?

> Here, the user must choose a value for `simulation_label` in `testing.py` to select a pre-trained model, as well as `ckpt_val` to select the number of batch repetitions to start testing from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the user must edit `testing.py` to point to the simulation label and checkpoint of the model which is to be tested. These are specified under the variables `simulation_label` and `ckpt_val` in `testing.py`.
```
